Oh
you
hello everyone this is hot yeah yeah I
know that Ryan normally does these
character descriptions or whatever
they're called but since Ryan is so busy
I thought why not tell you a little bit
about myself and my story straight from
the linking well of yours truly Hut the
sexiest of all the main characters ha
just kidding I'd rather give you my
story personally after all I'm an
aspiring writer myself you know I have
taped my journal regularly I normally
write about the adventures and my daily
life and thin Barry and when you're best
friends or spell casters and acrobatic
up-and-coming warriors you seem to get
into some pretty entertaining situations
let me tell you I guess I should start
by telling you a little bit about myself
first off I'm not a warrior in training
in fact I don't ever think I've even
held a sword all I need is my umbrella
thank you very much I'm not a big fan of
fighting or combat although that's all
erith this coma and marks ever talk
about huh Allie all she ever talks about
our boys older boys two older boys are
just too uh old I like boys my own age
like air this
wait I don't need that I like era this
I'm just saying boy is the same ages
Arthas wait oh yeah erith is is like
over 50 years old Wow he doesn't act his
age well first off I should tell you
sometimes things get so boring in thin
brie I have school every day will air
this and Palma get to play outside and
my school friends are just not the same
as Erebus and the others they're
lifeless sometimes always worried about
homework and chores they never take the
time for the little things in life that
seemed to pass by without a whisker
notice I catch myself day Germany class
remembering the many times I've squirted
with my friends to Chapman's house on
the east side of town yes I'm the sappy
type of girl but don't let that fool you
I'd rather get dirty then take a shower
although you couldn't tell if you looked
at me I should also mention that they've
recently laid down new train tracks and
debris that way people can come and go
so much easier now and i love that train
for someone like me is probably the only
way live relief i can't wait for the day
i venture into the world and find my
place if it was up to my parents I never
leave my parents are diligent about my
schooling my father is on the dunno
Council of Advisors for our Lord King
may God father says a king listens to
nobody but himself and there's no point
to have any Council of Advisors if he
won't even take their advice but hey I
don't listen to my dad either so I guess
I can relate instead of going to bed
early I find myself sneaking out into
the night to find era tha's coma marks
and Ellie waiting on me at the ridge of
the city we dance under the stars
savoring the night dreading the next
morning let me guess since I'm not a
magic warrior or magic user you're
probably already getting bored right
well how about I let you in on a little
secret already straight from my journal
it was last week what's wrong with
erica's
so confusing sometimes one minute he's
so happy the next minute he's breathing
heavily with an angry look at his eye I
don't get it in fact I don't get him but
then not a told me Arthas and like other
kids my age she told me that he has
troubles controlling his anger and if
provoked enough we can be a danger to
himself or even the ones he cares about
the most at first I was like oh my gosh
that's horrible why can't he just
control himself but then Donna showed me
an old flute of hers she told me that
she played the special team on the
that era this is rachel subside and you
would fall into a deep sleep but if the
song is played too long he could be put
to sleep forever and he'll never wake up
I don't know why but I don't like that
flu and M journal entry so there you go
you see the more that's revealed to you
about our small town the more you begin
to realize that we're all alone
something I reminded of that every day
but i still hope that me and my friends
will take that train somewhere far far
away together
thanks for listening everyone I can't
wait to share our story with you by the
way make sure to rate and favorite this
video that way erith s don't have more
ratings and favorites an item I don't
want that twerp thinking is better than
me besides if you write during this
video over 400 times and survived
Anthony will do an extra special video
just for you guys bye bye
you